open the fucking I'm okay really
I can't see right I got it I got it
fuck you guys that it was d4s idea to
play this screen the map yeah he already
tried he practiced and everything dude
oh my god come the fuck on okay what
what you guys get so far it's like
bunnyhop skills are important so get
ready yeah you keep jump inside tell me
how that works for you is something I
can't make enough speed you know me I
always finish what are you doing you
suck
just hit it not right when you drive
around the brick wall you fucking idiot
look to your left drive around the
fucking brick wall look like two people
just disappeared maybe that's a hot car
dude that color I'm sorry I fucked you
but that your car is beautiful I just
want to say nice Bugatti you dumb shit
Oh deluxe I knew you would fuck yourself
up the plays you guys suck dude I
fucking
I'm wearing this stupid fuck oh my god
this is tight oh god oh oh I shouldn't
have okay I am wait till you guys get to
this fucking I just got to the thing in
the picture and I want to kill I don't
know where to go because I don't have
checkpoints so I'm not racing like this
oh fuck oh it's on the street okay well
I don't need to worry about that it's up
there really goddammit if you hit that
first try I'm gonna fucking shit I got
it I got it I got it
you guys just salty because I'm about
the fucking pepper on your steaks
yeah but normally you can press Y to
reset and I can't even do that right now
so I don't know how that I can't race oh
my god oh mylanta I got it gonna make me
open up a jump soda